Release `ez-transactions` (#445)
gear-foundation/dapps: frontend/packages/ez-transactions/README.md

# @dapps-frontend/ez-transcations

> A package for providing gasless and signless transactions.
> This frontend solution interacts with a blockchain program, allowing users to make transactions without paying gas fees or signing on-chain transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A library to provide gasless and signless transactions.
By interacting with a Gear program via voucher, gasless backend and local account it allows users to make transactions without paying gas fees or signing on-chain transactions.
```

## Install:

```sh
yarn add @dapps-frontend/ez-transcations
```

## Gasless-transactions

The gas fees, which are usually required to execute transactions on the blockchain, are covered by a backend service provided by the dApp developer. When a user initiates a transaction, the backend issue a [voucher](https://wiki.vara.network/docs/api/vouchers) for that specific user. This voucher effectively covers the gas cost for the transaction, allowing the user to execute it without having to pay any fees themselves.

### Provider

Import `GaslessTransactionsProvider` from `@dapps-frontend/ez-transcations` in your `index.tsx` and wrap your application with it. You should pass the required arguments:

```jsx
import { GaslessTransactionsProvider } from '@dapps-frontend/ez-transcations';

<GaslessTransactionsProvider
  programId={'0x...'} // Program address

>   backendAddress={'0x...'}  // Address of the gasless backend

Reviewer: `0x...` as a backend address can be confusing.

>   voucherLimit={18} // Limit at which the voucher balance needs to be replenished

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  voucherLimit={18} // Limit at which the voucher balance needs to be topped up
```

>
  <App>
</GaslessTransactionsProvider>
```

### useGaslessTransactions

The package provides a `useGaslessTransactions` hook that returns a context with all required properties:

```jsx
import { useGaslessTransactions } from '@dapps-frontend/ez-transcations';

const gaslessContext = useGaslessTransactions();
const { voucherId, isLoading, isEnabled, isActive, expireTimestamp, requestVoucher, setIsEnabled } = gaslessContext;
```

`voucherId` - id of a created voucher for current account.

`isLoading` - a boolean value indicating whether the voucher is being created/updated at the moment.

> `isEnabled` - a boolean indicating whether the gasless transaction feature is currently enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`isEnabled` - a boolean indicating whether the gasless transaction feature is currently enabled (either by user or programmatically).
```
